hey guys I'm sorry about my first two
videos um I was using my ipod and I
didn't have a video camera at a time so
the videos were kind of bad sorry about
that so this will be the new like first
video I guess alright so this is my
yellow-bellied slider i named him squirt
he I think he might be a ready or slider
and a yellow belly because he does not
have a red ear but he has like black
markings on the on his stomach but you
just saw so I'm thinking that he might
be part right here uh he's in my 20
gallon tank with UV lamp um normal light
and filter petrol I think it's a whisper
filter I have mic level 1 plus filter
right there um she is I'm sorry but
there is just a little you don't forget
it and um this is like my homemade
basking area it's a nice room to bask
ran for him and I will cave right there
but he doesn't really go in much sorry
about the glare um I put that piece of
wood there so that he likes to climb up
on it and then kind of chill um think
about it I hid my heater right there
under all that I'm getting a Mississippi
map turtle have an unboxing video and
yeah I feed him these pellets I cut them
up because they're too big for him and I
feed him freeze dried blood worms and
lettuce so I have just like you guys
know in case like you could comment rate
subscribe um just in case you want to
leave a cot like a to call oh yeah a
request for a video I have a 20-yard
tank baby elbow slider 15 gallon with a
bunch of baby oh not at all oh my god
why am I forgetting today I'm sorry Oh
their baby black bar handlers tropical
fish john curran 8 gallon by or with a
goldfish who I have not you named yet
and that's it so comment rate subscribe
you know all that good stuff and that is
it so see